fix: some error about configuration (#1808)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/mria-introduction.md

The above code example is to create a cluster manually, you can also refer to the [auto clustering](#auto-clustering) section on how to create a cluster automatically. 

> Deploy multiple EMQX instances on one machine with diffent listener ports can cause confusion on the dashboard’s listener UI. The design of Dashboard is assumed that the listener's port are consistent in one cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard is designed under the assumption that all cluster nodes use the same port number. Using distinct ports on a single computer may cause Dashboard UI issues, therefore, it is not recommended in production.
```

Author: DONE
